RHDEVDOCS-6392: Content creation for GitOps 1.14.3 z-stream RN (#89700)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-release-notes-1-14-3.adoc

// Module included in the following assembly:
//
// * release_notes/gitops-release-notes-1-14.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="gitops-release-notes-1-14-3_{context}"]
= Release notes for {gitops-title} 1.14.3

{gitops-title} 1.14.3 is now available on {OCP} 4.12, 4.13, 4.14, 4.15, 4.16, and 4.17.

> [id="errata-updates-1-14.3_{context}"]

Author: Fixed.

== Errata updates

[id="RHBA-XXXX:NNNN-gitops-1-14-3-security-update-advisory_{context}"]
=== RHBA-XXXX:NNNN - {gitops-title} 1.14.3 security update advisory

Issued: 2024-XX-NN

The list of security fixes that are included in this release is documented in the following advisory:

* link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHBA-XXXX:NNNN[RHBA-XXXX:NNNN]

> If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:

Reviewer: This is a bit tricky as there is a namespace named `default`. Is this right?
```suggestion
If you have installed the {gitops-title} Operator in the default {gitops-title} namespace, run the following command to view the container images in this release:
```

Author: No, we have a different name for the default namespace used for the GitOps operator. So, I would like to politely decline to accept this feedback. I would not like to change what has been followed in the previous z-stream releases.

[source,terminal]
----
$ oc describe deployment gitops-operator-controller-manager -n openshift-gitops-operator
----

[id="fixed-issues-1-14-3_{context}"]
== Fixed issues

> * Before this update, the Notifications Controller reconciled continuously if the context field included multiple entries, generating a large number of logs. With this update, the controller's reconciliation behavior is fixed, preventing repeated log entries when multiple context entries are used. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5970[GITOPS-5970]

Reviewer: Clarify this a bit.
```suggestion
* Before this update, the Notifications Controller reconciled continuously if the context field included multiple entries, which generated a large number of logs. With this update, the controller's reconciliation behavior is fixed, preventing repeated log entries when multiple context entries are used. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5970[GITOPS-5970]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Before this update, the Notifications Controller reconciled continuously if the context field included multiple entries, which generated a large number of logs. With this update, the controller's reconciliation behavior is fixed, preventing repeated log entries when multiple context entries are used. link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/GITOPS-5970[GITOPS-5970]

Author: Fixed.
